Solarized Changelog
===================

## Current release 1.0.0beta2

1.0.0beta2
----------

### Summary

Switch to the alternative red hue (final and only hue change), included a whole
heap of new ports and updates to the existing Vim colorscheme. The list of all 
currently included ports, highlighted items are new, updates noted:

#### Editors & IDEs

*   \[UPDATED\] **Vim**
*   \[NEW\] ***Emacs***
*   \[NEW\] ***IntelliJ IDEA***
*   \[NEW\] ***NetBeans***
*   \[NEW\] ***SeeStyle theme for Coda & SubEthaEdit***
*   \[NEW\] ***TextMate***
*   \[NEW\] ***Visual Studio***

#### Terminal Emulators

* \[UPDATED\] **iTerm2 colorschemes**
* \[UPDATED\] **OS X Terminal.app colors**
* \[UPDATED\] **Xresources colors**

#### Other Applications

* \[UPDATED\] **Mutt mail client colorschemes**

#### Palettes

* \[UPDATED\] **Adobe Photoshop Swatches**
* \[UPDATED\] **Apple Color Picker Palette**
* \[UPDATED\] **Gimp Palette**


### Critical Changes

These changes may require you to change your configuration.

*   **GLOBAL : IMPROVEMENT : New red accent color value**
    Modified red from L\*a\*b lightness value 45 to 50 to bring it in
    line with the other accent colors and address bleed into dark background on 
    some displays, as well as reducing shift of red against base03 when viewed 
    with glasses (chromatic aberration). All instances of the colorscheme and 
    palettes updated to new red and avalailable for use/import without further 
    modification. Forks and ports should pull new changes and/or update ported 
    red value accordingly.  The new red:

            red #dc322f

*   **VIM : CHANGE : Default mode now 16 color**
    Default terminal mode is now ***16 colors***. Most of the users of terminal 
    mode seem comfortabel and capable changing terminal colors. This is the 
    preferred method of implementing Solarized in Terminal mode. If you wish to 
    instead use the degraded 256 color palette, you may do so with the 
    following line in your .vimrc:

            let g:solarized_termcolors=256

    You no longer need to specify "let g:solarized_termcolors=16" as it is now 
    the default; leaving it in your .vimrc won't hurt anything, however.

*   **VIM : IMPROVEMENT : New Toggle Background Plugin**
    Added new Toggle Background plugin. Will load automatically and show up as 
    a menu item in the `Window` menu in gui vim. Automatically maps to <F5> if 
    available (won't clobber that mapping if you're using it). Also available 
    as a command `:ToggleBG`.  To manually map to something other than <F5>:

    To set your own mapping in your .vimrc file, simply add the following line 
    to support normal, insert and visual mode usage, changing the "<F5>" value 
    to the key or key combination you wish to use:

        call togglebg#map("<F5>")

    Note that you'll want to use a single function key or equivalent if you want 
    the plugin to work in all modes (normal, insert, visual).

*   **VIM : IMPROVEMENT : Special & Non-text items now more visible**
    Special characters such as trailing whitespace, tabs, newlines, when 
    displayed using ":set list" can be set to one of three levels depending on 
    your needs.

            g:solarized_visibility =  "normal"|   "high" or "low"

    I'll be honest: I still prefer low visibility. I like them barely there.  
    They show up in lines that are highlighted as by the cursor line, which 
    works for me. If you are with me on this, put the following in your .vimrc:

            g:solarized_visibility =  "low"

### Non Critical Changes

These changes should not impact your usage of the Solarized.

*   **PALETTES : IMPROVEMENT : Colorspace tagged and untagged versions**
    Changed default OS X color picker palatte swatches to tagged colors (sRGB) 
    and included alternate palette with untagged color swatches for advanced 
    users (v1.0.0beta1 had untagged as default).

*   **VIM : BUGFIX : Better display in Terminal.app, other emulators**
    Terminal.app and other common terminal emulators that report 8 color mode 
    had display issues due to order of synt highlighting definitions and color 
    values specified. These have been conformed and reordered in such a way 
    that there is a more graceful degrading of the Solarized color palette on 
    8 color terminals. Infact, the experience should be almost identical to gui 
    other than lack of bold typeface.

*   **VIM : BUGFIX : Better distinction between status bar and split windows**
    Status bar was previously too similar to the cursor line and window splits.  
    This has now been changed significantly to improve the clarity of what is 
    status, cursor line and window separator.

*   **VIM : STREAMLINED : Removed simultaneous gui/cterm definitions**
*   Refactored solarized.vim to eliminate simultaneous definition of gui and 
    cterm values.

*   **VIM : BUGFIX : Removed italicized front in terminal mode**
    Removed default italicized font in terminal mode in the Solarized Vim
    colorscheme (many terminal emulators display Vim italics as reversed type).  
    Italics still used in GUI mode by default and can still be turned off in 
    both modes by setting a variable: `let g:solarized_italic=0`.

1.0.0beta1
----------

First public release. Included:

* Adobe Photoshop Swatches
* Apple Color Picker Palette
* Gimp Palette
* iTerm2 colorschemes
* Mutt mail client colorschemes
* OS X Terminal.app colors
* Vim Colorscheme
* Xresources colors



***

MODIFIED: 2011 Apr 16
