---
Title: Solarized Developers
Description: Notes and Guidelines on Port Development
Author: Ethan Schoonover
Tags: test, testing, test123
Colors: light yellow
Created:  2011 Mar 15
Modified: 2011 Apr 14

---

Solarized Developers
====================

## Notes and Guidelines on Port Development

When developing a port of the Solarized colorscheme that you'd like to see 
included in the main project repository, please consider the following 
guidelines:

1. No hue or color changes. Please keep the same hex/rgb/L*a*b values. If you 
   want to change them, that's fine, but I'd recommend setting it up as a 

2. If you are making a new port, consider creating a repository with just the 
   theme/plugin for your particular port, rather than forking the entire 
   Solarized master repository. This allows your users to pull down just the 
   theme for the application easily. I can also pull in your repository using 
   git-subtree as a subdirectory of the master Solarized project. This is what 
   I do with the Vim and Mutt themes (they each have an independent repo for 
   the convenience of those cloning the project directly into their vim/mutt 
   configuration).

3. If you are going to fork and modify code, please check to see who the 
   maintainer for the specific Solarized component is. Mail me if you can't 
   find that information in the README for the specific port.

### README guidlines

Please include a README for your project that contains the following 
information:

1. A link to the main solarized project page:
   http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized
   This page will also have links back to your port/repo as well as 
   attribution. I want to maintain it as the canonical clearing house for all 
   ports, etc.

2. A link to your project repository

3. A link to the main solarized repository on github (in addition to the link 
   to the main site above)

4. Installation instructions as necessary for your port

See the vim-colors-solarized subdirectory for an example of this. Your README 
doesn't need to be this elaborate, of course, but should be clear enough that 
users can get up and running.
